# TrekDesk

Simple internal booking tool for the trekking company in the Thamel.
See PRD.md for the problems, users, version 1 features and out of scope.

Status:
Part A: 
Level 1: PRD.md written with the help of Claude
Level 2: List of questions and assumption(prd.md) completed with the help of Claude

Part B: 

In this level, I build the backend using the DRF because this API is more familiar for me due to the previous project. The DRF gives the POST form in the browser not only the raw JSON. Serializers reuse the fields from the models file rather then writting twice (The idea is taken from the claude)

Level 1 : Completed  ( Code was generated by the claude but it wasnot copy-paste but the code was understand and written by self.There was a error due to the version while installing the DRF in the virtual environment. Wrong version was install which cause issue while starting the server. This problem was solved with the help of AI . Another error where I forget to place the "rest_framework" in the installed app. By understanding the error thrown in the terimal I debugged it.  I installed the "corsheaders" and put that plugin in the middleware,I placed in the last which also throw error. Later with the help of AI, I placed it in the top )


Level 2: Completed ( Code was generated by the claude but hardcoded by me )

Level 3: Not Completed (Didnot Understand)

Part C:

Level 1: Completed ( This is the part where Claude did the heavy lifting. While creating a form field, there was a mistake in the name of the field which was "no_of_people" but the AI gave "number_of_people" which created a error in the POST method during submission of the form. The problem was dubugged by reading the error thrown in the terminal )

Level 2: Not Completed (Didnot Understand)

Level 3: Not Completed ( Lack of knowledge in deployment )

How to run Backend:
cd Backend
venv\Scripts\activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
python manage.py runserver

How to run Frontend:
cd Frontend
npm install 
npm run dev

Part D: 
1) Which part took the longest, and why?
 Ans: The Part B level 1 took the longest because it was hardcoded by me with the help of AI. The code was understood first before writing. Building the web from scratch took most of my time
2) Where did AI help, and where did it send you down the wrong path or give you code you did not
understand?
Ans: AI help me from writing the PRD,Readme file to build the project from the scratch. While building the frontend, AI give the code where there was a different field name from the Backend field name. Frontend part is where it help me most due to the lack of my knowledge in Frontend. The frontend code is where I didnot understand.
 
4) Name one thing that is working but that you could not fully explain to someone else.
Ans: The Frontend and Backend ( RetrieveUpdateDeleteAPIView ) are which is working but I couldnot fully explain to someone else.

5)If you had two more days, what would you fix first?
Ans: If I had two more days, I would improve the Frontend part for the better interface where they can update or delete the booking. Also add the validation part in the frontend side so that it don't need to depend solely on the Backend side.

6) Roughly how many hours did you spend?
Ans: Roughly, I spent 10 hours for writing the PRD.md file, updating Readme.md file and building Backend and Frontend. Git also took some time 

